1) Who developed python programming Langauage?
ans :- Guido van Rossum

2) Which type of programming does python support?
ans :-pytho is  Object-oriented Programming

3)is python case sensitive when dealing whith identifier?
ans :- Yes, python is case sensitive

4)What is the correct extension of the python file?
ans :- extension for python is .py and for jupyter notebook is .ipynb

5)is python code compiled or interpreted?
ans :- python is Interpreted

6) Name a few block of code used to define in python language?
ans :- The following are blocks: a module, a function body, and a class definition.	

7)State a character used to give single line comments in python?
ans :- # is used to give single line comments.

8) Mention function which can help us to find the version of python that we are currently working on?
ans :- sys.version()

9) python supports the creation of anonymous function at runtime,using construct called ____
ans :- lambda

10)what does pip stands for?
ans :-Preffered installer program

11)mention a few built-in function in python?
ans :- str(),abs(),dict(),float(),int(),list(),tuple()

12)what is the maximum possible length of an identifier in python?
ans :- 79 characters

13) what are the benefits of using python?
ans :- 1)quality of software
       2)productivity of developers 
       3)protability
       4)supporting libraries
       5)easy to learn 

14)how is memory managed in python?
ans :-Memory management in Python involves a private heap containing all Python objects and data structures. 

15) how to install python on windows and set path variables?
ans :-	
	Download the binaries
	Run the Executable installer
	Add Python to PATH environmental variables

 -> TO ADD PATH

	The complete path of python.exe can be added by:

		Right-clicking This PC and going to Properties.

		Clicking on the Advanced system settings in the menu on the left.

		Clicking on the Environment Variables button o​n the bottom right.
		
		In the System variables section, selecting the Path variable and clicking on Edit. The next screen will show all the directories that are currently a part of the PATH variable.

		Clicking on New and entering Python’s install directory.

16) is identation required in python?
ans :- Yes, identation is required in python.